AWS Guard Duty sets context on null value for aws-gd-get-members (#12990)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-GuardDuty/ReleaseNotes/1_1_3.md

#### Integrations
##### AWS - GuardDuty

> - Fixed an issue where **aws-gd-get-members** returned null to context, when there is no members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***aws-gd-get-members*** command returned a null value to the context when there were no members in the response.
```
